Add Textlocal Channel (#37)
laravel-notification-channels/channels: README.md

This package allows to send SMS using Textlocal API using laravel notifications

> Supports Laravel 5.x to 6.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supports Laravel 5.5 to 6.x
```

> # Found any bugs or improvement open an issue or send me a PR

Reviewer: This should be the channel title

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/msonowal/laravel-notification-channel-textlocal)

> This package makes it easy to send notifications using [textlocal](https://www.textlocal.in/) with Laravel 5.3.+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package makes it easy to send notifications using [textlocal](https://www.textlocal.in/) with Laravel 5.5+ & 6.x
```

	'request_urls' => [
		'IN' => 'https://api.textlocal.in/',
		'UK' => 'https://api.txtlocal.com/'
	],
	'country'   => env('TEXTLOCAL_COUNTRY', 'IN'),
];
```
### Configuring .env 
```
    TEXTLOCAL_USERNAME=Your email id or api key
    TEXTLOCAL_HASH=get it from url '/docs/' under your API KEYS section
    TEXTLOCAL_API_KEY get it from url '/docs/' under your API KEYS section
    TEXTLOCAL_SENDER=Name of the Sender that will be displayed to the recipient (max 6 Characters).
    TEXTLOCAL_COUNTRY=Your Two letter(ISO-3166-alpha-2) Country Code. It should be the Country of the TEXTLOCAL account.
```

### Publish Config
```
    php artisan vendor:publish --tag=textlocal
```

Currently, only textlocal of two country is supported IN(India) and UK(United Kingdom). 

## Usage

Implement this method `routeNotificationForTextlocal()` in your notifiable class/model which will return array of mobile numbers. Please make sure the mobile number contains the dial code as well (e.g +91 for India). And lastly implement `toSms()` method in the notification class which will return the (string) sms or template that is defined in textlocal account that needs to be send.

### Available Message methods

> A list of all available options

Reviewer: This is missing
